Now one problem I just noticed when I clicked around and deleted some products here is of course that
when I delete a product that wasn't a cart of a user as I have it here, I added one product behind the
scenes to a user product with this ID
and if we have a look at products and I don't want to update anything, if we have to look at products,
this product ID is not the product ID I have in my cart here.
So I deleted a product which was part of the carts of different users,
now what would you do about that?
For one it's important to notice that our app works correctly because when we try to load the cart, when
we don't find the product data for an item in the cart, we just go ahead and well ignore that basically
which is what we want here
but how would you solve this?
Well what you would do or what you could do, one approach that would makes sense is that you add some kind
of worker process which is something a bit more advanced and not directly related to building web applications
with node,
basically a script that runs on the server and checks for such cases in your database once every 24
hours or something like this, where you basically scan your users, your carts and look for products which
you don't find in the product collection anymore
and then you clean up these carts, that would be one thing you could do in an application to clean this
up. Depending on your requirements, you could even have a cleanup script for the entire cart which resets
the entire cart every 24 hours or every seven days. An alternative approach that you could of course look
into would be that when you load the cart page as we are doing it here,
so when you're calling get cart on the user and you know that there are cart items on the user object
and still the products you get back is empty, then you know there's a mismatch between what you have
in your cart and what's in the database
and in such a case, you could then issue some behind the scenes request,
so basically with exactly the tools you learned about to update the cart of that user to match the product
you got back from the database.
So if you got an empty product array and you have items in the cart, you want to reset your cart.
If you've got less items in the data you get back from the database then that's in your cart, you want to
find out what the difference is and then update your cart accordingly.
So this would be strategies you could employ here. For now, I will move on and not focus on that as this
of course also depends highly on your application needs but especially the second strategy is certainly
something you can implement with the knowledge you learned in this module,
so this would be a great challenge you can take to add the functionality to clean up your cart on the
user collection whenever you find out that in get cart, there is a mismatch between the products you
get back and the products you think you have in your cart.